# 해변

## 좋아하는 해변, 이유

I really love Haeundae Beach.

It is a famous beach in south Korea.

when I need to clear mind with my friends, I go there often.

It has beautiful white sand and very delicous seafood.

So I eat delicious seafood all day with my friends.

whenever I go there, I always have a lot of fun.


## 해변갈때 가져가는것.

> 키워드 :: simple, suncrip, sensitive skin, extraclothes.

when I go to the beach.

The simple one is best.

I don't have a lot of load.

I pack a simple bag. And I also take sunscreen.

because I have sensitive skin.

I like keeping it simple and easy.

That's all.


## 해변 경험

Last summer, I visited a 해운대 beach with my friends.

We swam in the ocean and played games on the sand.

The sound of the waves and the sunset were so relaxing.

We also had a barbecue and seafood.

It was one of the best days.




# 캠핑

## 좋아하는 캠핑장, 이유

I really like the Gwangju campsite.

It is a famous campsite in Gwangju.

when I need to clear mind with my family, I go there often.

There are beautiful valleys and barbecues.

It was peaceful. I like this atmosphere.


## 캠핑중에 하는 일

There is a nice valley near Gwangju.

It has a nice campsite.

I go there with my family a few times a year.

First, I usually set up a tent with my father.

Next, I prepare a meal. Like 김치찌개 soup.

in the evening, We all have barbecue together.



## 캠핑 여행에서 기억에 남는 경험

when I was young.

I went camping on 무등 Mountain with my family.

At night, I was surprised by the beautiful sky.

Everything is different. It's amazing.

And the sunrise was also incredible.

It is very interesting experience.